[codelab] add Espressif platform docs (#136)
openthread/ot-docs: site/en/codelabs/esp-openthread-hardware/index.lab.md

### What you'll need

Hardware:

* 2 ESP boards with IEEE 802.15.4 module.

   * [ESP32-H2](https://www.espressif.com/en/products/socs/esp32-h2)
   * [ESP32-C6](https://www.espressif.com/en/products/socs/esp32-c6)

* 1 ESP Thread Border Router Board.

Software:

* [ESP-IDF](https://github.com/espressif/esp-idf).
* [ESP-THREAD-BR](https://github.com/espressif/esp-thread-br).

## Getting started

Duration: 15:00

1. ESP-IDF Installation.

Please follow the [ESP-IDF Programming Guide](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/latest/esp32/get-started/index.html#manual-installation) to install the software development environment.

> aside positive
>
> **Note:** For the ESP-IDF branch, We highly recommend using version 5.1.1 or later.

2. Clone the ESP Thread Border Router SDK.

[ESP-THREAD-BR](https://github.com/espressif/esp-thread-br) is the official ESP Thread Border Router SDK. It supports all fundamental network features to build a Thread Border Router and integrates rich product level features for quick productization.

   ```console
   $ cd <your-local-workspace>
   $ git clone --recursive https://github.com/espressif/esp-thread-br.git
   ```

> aside positive
>

> > **Note:** This document will show how to run this codelab on Linux. For other operating system or IDE, you can modify the relevant commands as needed.

Reviewer: For other operating systems or IDEs,

## Build and flash

Duration: 5:00

> For build and flash ot-cli-ftd binary file on ESP boards with IEEE 802.15.4 module, you can refer to ESP-IDF example [ot_cli](https://github.com/espressif/esp-idf/tree/master/examples/openthread/ot_cli) for more details:

Reviewer: For building and flashing the ot-cli-ftd binary...

> For building and flashing ot-cli-ftd binary file on ESP boards with IEEE 802.15.4 module, you can refer to ESP-IDF example [ot_cli](https://github.com/espressif/esp-idf/tree/master/examples/openthread/ot_cli) for more details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For building and flashing the ot-cli-ftd binary file on ESP boards with IEEE 802.15.4 modules, you can refer to ESP-IDF example [ot_cli](https://github.com/espressif/esp-idf/tree/master/examples/openthread/ot_cli) for more details:
```

```console
$ cd <your-idf-path>/examples/openthread/ot_cli
$ idf.py set-target <your-board-type>
```

Enable the joiner feature via menuconfig:

```console
$ idf.py menuconfig
```

Component config > OpenThread > Enable Joiner, then build and flash.

> aside positive
>
> **Note:** Connect `UART` port on the ESP boards to the host. To show the serial port number of the ESP boards, you can use `$ ls /dev/ttyUSB*`.

```console
$ idf.py -p <your-local-port> build flash monitor
```

> For building and flashing the ot-br binary file on ESP Thread Border Router Board, you need to build the RCP binary file first. This RCP binary file doesn't need to be explicitly flashed to the device on the ESP Thread Border Router Board. It will be included in the Border Router binary file and flashed to the ESP32-H2 chip upon first boot(or the RCP firmware changed). You can refer to [ESP thread BR docs](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-thread-br/en/latest/dev-guide/build_and_run.html) for more details:

Reviewer: Need a space between "boot" and "(or"

...upon first boot (or the RCP...

Ext PAN ID: 151975d11bea97b5
Mesh Local Prefix: fd6a:b54b:d6a3:b05a::/64
Network Key: 731ab6a60a64a0a0b14b259b86b2be01
Network Name: OpenThread-1444
PAN ID: 0x1444
PSKc: 54e7f18d2575014da94db09df29c5df0
Security Policy: 672 onrc 0
Done
```

Commit this dataset as the active one:

```console
> dataset commit active
Done
```

Bring up the IPv6 interface:

```console
> ifconfig up
I (59329) OPENTHREAD: Platform UDP bound to port 49153
Done
I (59329) OT_STATE: netif up
```

Start Thread protocol operation:

```console
> thread start
I(61709) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Role disabled -> detached
Done
> I(62469) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Attach attempt 1, AnyPartition reattaching with Active Dataset
I(69079) OPENTHREAD:[N] RouterTable---: Allocate router id 11
I(69079) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: RLOC16 fffe -> 2c00
I(69089) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Role detached -> leader
I(69089) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Partition ID 0x28b518c6
I (69099) OPENTHREAD: Platform UDP bound to port 49154
```

After a moment, check the device state. It should be the Leader.

```console
> state
leader
Done
> 
```

## Join the thread network via networkkey

Duration: 3:00

> In this codelab, two ESP boards with IEEE 802.15.4 module are prepared for joining the BR formed network. In this session, we will add Board1 to the network.

Reviewer: module --> modules

```console
> dataset commit active
Done
```

Bring up the IPv6 interface:

```console
> ifconfig up
Done
I (20308) OT_STATE: netif up
```

Start Thread protocol operation:

```console
> thread start
I(23058) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Role disabled -> detached
Done
> I(23408) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Attach attempt 1, AnyPartition reattaching with Active Dataset
I(30028) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Attach attempt 1 unsuccessful, will try again in 0.288 seconds
I(30328) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Attach attempt 2, AnyPartition 
I(33498) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Delay processing Announce - channel 21, panid 0x1444
I(33758) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Processing Announce - channel 21, panid 0x1444
I(33758) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Role detached -> disabled
I(33758) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Role disabled -> detached
I(34178) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Attach attempt 1, AnyPartition 
I(35068) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: RLOC16 fffe -> 2c01
I(35068) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Role detached -> child
```

After a moment, check the device state. It should be the Child.

```console
> state
child
Done
```

> Set the role to router.

Reviewer: Capitalize router here

Set the role to Router.

Done
```

Bring up the IPv6 interface:

```console

## Board2 Joiner ##
----------------------
> ifconfig up
Done
I (29146) OT_STATE: netif up
```

Get the eui64 from Board2:

```console
## Board2 Joiner ##
----------------------
> eui64
4831b7fffec02be1
Done
```

On the **BR Commissioner**, start the commissioner and specify the `eui64` of the device that can join, along with the Joiner Credential, for example `J01NME`. The Joiner Credential is a device-specific string of all uppercase alphanumeric characters (0-9 and A-Y, excluding I, O, Q and Z for readability), with a length between 6 and 32 characters.

```console

## BR Commissioner ##
----------------------
> commissioner start
Commissioner: petitioning
Done
Commissioner: active
> commissioner joiner add 4831b7fffec02be1 J01NME
Done
```

Switch to the **Board2 Joiner**. Start the joiner role with the Joiner Credential that you just set up on the BR Commissioner:

```console
## Board2 Joiner ##
----------------------
> ifconfig up
Done
> joiner start J01NME
Done
```

Within a minute or so, you get a confirmation of a successful authentication:

```console
## Board2 Joiner ##
----------------------
>
Join success
```

> After that, you can start and join the thread network formed by the BR Commissioner.

Reviewer: thread --> Thread

Start Thread protocol operation:

```console
> thread start
I(35727) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Role disabled -> detached
Done
> I(36197) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Attach attempt 1, AnyPartition reattaching with Active Dataset
I(37007) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: RLOC16 fffe -> 2801
I(37007) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Role detached -> child

```

Set the role to router.

```console
> state router
Done
I(46057) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: RLOC16 2801 -> 4400
I(46057) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Role child -> router
I(46057) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Partition ID 0x28b518c6
> 
```

<img src="img/esp_ot_tp_LRR.jpg" alt="esp_ot_tp_LRR.jpg"  width="400"/>

## Pinging IPv6 address between Thread nodes

Duration: 2:00

> Now you get a thread network with the topology shown blow:

Reviewer: blow --> below

Also, should the image on line 411 above actually be here?  (esp_ot_tp_LRR.jpg)  There's no image to reference otherwise.

Author: Move this line before line: 411

> Now you get a thread network with the topology shown blow:

Reviewer: thread --> Thread

fd6a:b54b:d6a3:b05a:a8df:eb43:63d8:bda0     # Mesh-Local EID (ML-EID) 
fe80:0:0:0:687c:7248:cc14:9c4d              # Link-Local Address (LLA)
Done
> 
```

```console
## Board1 Joiner ##
----------------------
> ipaddr
fd6a:b54b:d6a3:b05a:0:ff:fe00:2800          # Routing Locator (RLOC)
fd6a:b54b:d6a3:b05a:e461:db08:c833:1248     # Mesh-Local EID (ML-EID)
fe80:0:0:0:18ac:df04:4671:6a45              # Link-Local Address (LLA)
Done
```

```console
## Board2 Joiner ##
----------------------
> ipaddr
fd6a:b54b:d6a3:b05a:0:ff:fe00:4400          # Routing Locator (RLOC)
fd6a:b54b:d6a3:b05a:d7dc:8e90:9bc9:ecbc     # Mesh-Local EID (ML-EID)
fe80:0:0:0:a8cc:1483:f696:91a2              # Link-Local Address (LLA)
Done
```

For example, to ping Board2 MLE-ID from BR Commissioner, you can run this command on BR Commissioner:

```console
## BR Commissioner ##
----------------------
> ping fd6a:b54b:d6a3:b05a:d7dc:8e90:9bc9:ecbc
16 bytes from fd6a:b54b:d6a3:b05a:d7dc:8e90:9bc9:ecbc: icmp_seq=1 hlim=255 time=123ms
1 packets transmitted, 1 packets received. Packet loss = 0.0%. Round-trip min/avg/max = 123/123.0/123 ms.
Done
```

## Passing messages between Thread nodes with UDP

Duration: 3:00

> In this session, you will learn how to send a message between two thread devices. For example, open udp and bind it on port `20617` and listen for all addresses on BR:

Reviewer: thread --> Thread

```console
## BR Commissioner ##
----------------------
> udp open
Done
> udp bind :: 20617
I (1298739) OPENTHREAD: Platform UDP bound to port 20617
Done
```

Then send a message from Board1 to BR MLE-ID address and port `20617`:

```console
## Board1 Joiner ##
----------------------
> udp open
Done
> udp send fd6a:b54b:d6a3:b05a:a8df:eb43:63d8:bda0 20617 ESP
```

> You can see the message recesived on BR:

Reviewer: recesived --> received

[OpenThread](https://openthread.io/), released by Google Nest team, is an open-source implementation of the [Thread®](http://threadgroup.org/) networking protocol designed to accelerate the development of products for the connected home. The [Thread Specification](https://www.threadgroup.org/support#specifications) defines an IPv6-based reliable, secure, and low-power wireless device-to-device communication protocol for home and commercial building applications.

[Espressif](https://www.espressif.com/) has ported the OpenThread stack based on FreeRTOS and LwIP, enabling developers to rapidly build Thread networks. The related source code can be obtained from [GitHub](https://github.com/espressif/esp-idf/tree/master/examples/openthread). At the same time, Espressif has also implemented a [Thread Border Router](https://github.com/espressif/esp-thread-br) based on RTOS.

In this Codelab, you'll program OpenThread on real hardware, create and manage a Thread network, and pass messages between nodes.

<img src="img/Espressif_hardware_setup.jpg" alt="Espressif_hardware_setup.jpg" />

### What you'll learn

* Building and flashing OpenThread CLI binaries to ESP boards.

> * Building an flashing border router to ESP Thread Border Router board.

Reviewer 2: line 36: "Building and ...." ??

* Manually managing Thread nodes with ESP Monitor and the OpenThread CLI.

> * Form a Thread network on the Thread Border Router.

Reviewer 2: For consistency  with other bullet items: Forming....

> * Secure commissioning of devices onto a Thread network.

Reviewer 2: Securing....

> * Ping IPv6 address between Thread nodes.

Reviewer 2: Pinging ....

### What you'll need

Hardware:

* 2 ESP boards with IEEE 802.15.4 module.

   * [ESP32-H2](https://www.espressif.com/en/products/socs/esp32-h2)
   * [ESP32-C6](https://www.espressif.com/en/products/socs/esp32-c6)

* 1 ESP Thread Border Router Board.

Software:

* [ESP-IDF](https://github.com/espressif/esp-idf).
* [ESP-THREAD-BR](https://github.com/espressif/esp-thread-br).

## Getting started

Duration: 15:00

1. ESP-IDF Installation.

Please follow the [ESP-IDF Programming Guide](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/latest/esp32/get-started/index.html#manual-installation) to install the software development environment.

> aside positive
>
> **Note:** For the ESP-IDF branch, We highly recommend using version 5.1.1 or later.

2. Clone the ESP Thread Border Router SDK.

[ESP-THREAD-BR](https://github.com/espressif/esp-thread-br) is the official ESP Thread Border Router SDK. It supports all fundamental network features to build a Thread Border Router and integrates rich product level features for quick productization.

   ```console
   $ cd <your-local-workspace>
   $ git clone --recursive https://github.com/espressif/esp-thread-br.git
   ```

> aside positive
>

> > **Note:** This document will show how to run this codelab on the Linux, for other operating system or IDE, you can modify the relevant commands as needed.

Reviewer 2: suggest a period after "Linux," then a new sentence.

## Build and flash

Duration: 5:00

For build and flash ot-cli-ftd binary file on ESP boards with IEEE 802.15.4 module, you can refer to ESP-IDF example [ot_cli](https://github.com/espressif/esp-idf/tree/master/examples/openthread/ot_cli) for more details:

```console
$ cd <your-idf-path>/examples/openthread/ot_cli
$ idf.py set-target <your-board-type>
```

Enable the joiner feature via menuconfig:

```console
$ idf.py menuconfig
```

Component config > OpenThread > Enable Joiner, then build and flash.

> aside positive
>

> > **Note:** Connect `UART` port on the ESP boards to the host, to show the serial port number of the ESP boards, you can use `$ ls /dev/ttyUSB*`.

Reviewer 2: suggest a period after "host," then new sentence

```console
$ idf.py -p <your-local-port> build flash monitor
```

> For building and flashing ot-br binary file on ESP Thread Border Router Board, you need to build RCP binary file first. This RCP binary file doesn't need to be explicitly flashed to the device on the ESP Thread Border Router Board. It will be included in the Border Router binary file and flashed to the ESP32-H2 chip upon first boot(or the RCP firmware changed). You can refer to [ESP thread BR docs](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-thread-br/en/latest/dev-guide/build_and_run.html) for more details:

Reviewer 2: 112: suggest "the" before "ot-br"
        suggest "the" before "RCP binary"

```console
$ cd <your-idf-path>/examples/openthread/ot_rcp
$ idf.py set-target esp32h2
$ idf.py build
$ cd <your-esp-thread-br-path>/examples/basic_thread_border_router
$ idf.py set-target esp32s3
```

Enable the commissioner feature via menuconfig:

```console
$ idf.py menuconfig
```

Component config > OpenThread > Enable Commissioner, then build and flash.

> aside positive
>

> > **Note:** Only `USB2` port on the ESP Thread Border Router Board needs to be connected to the host, to show the serial port number of the ESP Thread Border Router Board, you can use `$ ls /dev/ttyACM*`.

Reviewer 2: suggest "the" before "USB2"
suggest period after "host", then new sentence

```console
$ idf.py -p <your-local-port> build flash monitor
```

## Form a Thread network on the Thread Border Router

Duration: 3:00

> Now you can form a Thread network using OpenThread command line on ESP Thread Border Router Board(BR Commissioner):

Reviewer 2: using "the" OpenThread...

> Now you can form a Thread network using the OpenThread command line on ESP Thread Border Router Board(BR Commissioner):

Reviewer 2: please add a space between "Board" and the open parenthesis

> Now you can form a Thread network using the OpenThread command line on ESP Thread Border Router Board(BR Commissioner):

Reviewer 2: plz add space before (

Reviewer 2: Additional note: Please update the following file to add this codelab:

https://github.com/openthread/ot-docs/blob/main/site/en/guides/_toc.yaml

thanks!

> aside positive
>
> `dataset init new` creates a new Operational Dataset with random values.
**Your values will differ from the values shown in this Codelab.** Replace the values in the Codelab example commands with the values from your Operational Dataset.

```console
## BR Commissioner ##
----------------------

> > dataset init new

Reviewer 2: Jeff B says:
"There shouldn't be blank lines after each command in the CLI.  If that's in the GitHub source they'll need to update for all examples here."

> Done

Reviewer 2: Jeff B says:
"There shouldn't be blank lines after each command in the CLI. If that's in the GitHub source they'll need to update for all examples here."

I(33758) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Processing Announce - channel 21, panid 0x1444
I(33758) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Role detached -> disabled
I(33758) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Role disabled -> detached
I(34178) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Attach attempt 1, AnyPartition 
I(35068) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: RLOC16 fffe -> 2c01
I(35068) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Role detached -> child
```

After a moment, check the device state. It should be the Child.

```console
> state

child
Done
```

Set the role to router.

```console
> state router

Done
I(51028) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: RLOC16 2c01 -> 2800
I(51028) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Role child -> router
I(51028) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Partition ID 0x28b518c6
> 
```

<img src="img/esp_ot_tp_LR.jpg" alt="esp_ot_tp_LR.jpg"  width="400"/>

## Join the thread network via secure commissioning

Duration: 5:00

In this session, we will add Board2 to the network via security commissioning:

Get the PSKc and panid from BR Commissioner:

```console

## BR Commissioner ##
----------------------
> pskc

54e7f18d2575014da94db09df29c5df0
Done
> panid

0x1444
Done
```

> Config these network informations to Board2:

Reviewer 2: suggest "Configure the network information for Board2"

```console

## Board2 Joiner ##
----------------------

> > dataset pskc 54e7f18d2575014da94db09df29c5df0

Reviewer 2: Jeff B says: "For consistency across examples don't have a blank line between the ------- and the command/output"

Done
```

Bring up the IPv6 interface:

```console

## Board2 Joiner ##
----------------------
> ifconfig up

Done
I (29146) OT_STATE: netif up
```

Get the eui64 from Board2:

```console
## Board2 Joiner ##
----------------------
> eui64

4831b7fffec02be1
Done
```

On the **BR Commissioner**, start the commissioner and specify the `eui64` of the device that can join, along with the Joiner Credential, for example `J01NME`. The Joiner Credential is a device-specific string of all uppercase alphanumeric characters (0-9 and A-Y, excluding I, O, Q and Z for readability), with a length between 6 and 32 characters.

```console

## BR Commissioner ##
----------------------
> commissioner start

Commissioner: petitioning
Done
Commissioner: active

> commissioner joiner add 4831b7fffec02be1 J01NME

Done
```

Switch to the **Board2 Joiner**. Start the joiner role with the Joiner Credential that you just set up on the BR Commissioner:

```console
## Board2 Joiner ##
----------------

> ifconfig up
Done
> joiner start J01NME
Done
```

Within a minute or so, you get a confirmation of a successful authentication:

```console
## Board2 Joiner ##
----------------

>
Join success
```

> After that, you can start and join the thread network formed by BR Commissioner.

Reviewer 2: formed by the BR ....

Start Thread protocol operation:

```console
> thread start

I(35727) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Role disabled -> detached
Done
> I(36197) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Attach attempt 1, AnyPartition reattaching with Active Dataset
I(37007) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: RLOC16 fffe -> 2801
I(37007) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Role detached -> child

```

Set the role to router.

```console
> state router

Done
I(46057) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: RLOC16 2801 -> 4400
I(46057) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Role child -> router
I(46057) OPENTHREAD:[N] Mle-----------: Partition ID 0x28b518c6
> 
```

<img src="img/esp_ot_tp_LRR.jpg" alt="esp_ot_tp_LRR.jpg"  width="400"/>

## Ping IPv6 address between Thread nodes

Duration: 2:00

Now you get a thread network with the topology shown blow:

> You can use ping command to communicate between any two boards. Use the command `ipaddr` to print each boards IPv6 address:

Reviewer 2: "the ping command...."
boards should be board's - or rewrite as: "...to print the IPv6 address of each board."

> aside positive
>
> A single Thread node has multiple IPv6 addresses. For more information, see [IPv6 Addressing](../../guides/thread-primer/ipv6-addressing.md#unicast-address-types).

```console
## BR Commissioner ##
----------------
> ipaddr

fd6a:b54b:d6a3:b05a:0:ff:fe00:fc00          # Leader Anycast Locator (ALOC)
fd6a:b54b:d6a3:b05a:0:ff:fe00:2c00          # Routing Locator (RLOC)
fd6a:b54b:d6a3:b05a:a8df:eb43:63d8:bda0     # Mesh-Local EID (ML-EID) 
fe80:0:0:0:687c:7248:cc14:9c4d              # Link-Local Address (LLA)
Done
> 
```

```console
## Board1 Joiner ##
----------------
> ipaddr

fd6a:b54b:d6a3:b05a:0:ff:fe00:2800          # Routing Locator (RLOC)
fd6a:b54b:d6a3:b05a:e461:db08:c833:1248     # Mesh-Local EID (ML-EID)
fe80:0:0:0:18ac:df04:4671:6a45              # Link-Local Address (LLA)
Done

```

```console
## Board2 Joiner ##
----------------
> ipaddr

fd6a:b54b:d6a3:b05a:0:ff:fe00:4400          # Routing Locator (RLOC)
fd6a:b54b:d6a3:b05a:d7dc:8e90:9bc9:ecbc     # Mesh-Local EID (ML-EID)
fe80:0:0:0:a8cc:1483:f696:91a2              # Link-Local Address (LLA)
Done
```

> For example, ping Board2 MLE-ID from BR Commissioner, you can run this command on BR Commissioner:

Reviewer 2: suggest:  "to ping...." instead of just "ping"

```console
## BR Commissioner ##
----------------
> ping fd6a:b54b:d6a3:b05a:d7dc:8e90:9bc9:ecbc

16 bytes from fd6a:b54b:d6a3:b05a:d7dc:8e90:9bc9:ecbc: icmp_seq=1 hlim=255 time=123ms
1 packets transmitted, 1 packets received. Packet loss = 0.0%. Round-trip min/avg/max = 123/123.0/123 ms.
Done
```

## Passing messages between Thread nodes with UDP

Duration: 3:00

> In this session, you will learn how to send a message between two thread devices, for example, open udp and bind it on port `20617` and listen for all addresses on BR:

Reviewer 2: suggest a period after "devices", then a new sentence.

```console
## BR Commissioner ##
----------------
> udp open

Done
> udp bind :: 20617

I (1298739) OPENTHREAD: Platform UDP bound to port 20617
Done
```

Then send a message from Board1 to BR MLE-ID address and port `20617`:

```console
## Board1 Joiner ##
----------------
> udp open

Done
> udp send fd6a:b54b:d6a3:b05a:a8df:eb43:63d8:bda0 20617 ESP
```

You can see the message recesived on BR:

```console
## BR Commissioner ##
----------------
3 bytes from fd6a:b54b:d6a3:b05a:e461:db08:c833:1248 49154 ESP
```

## Congratulations!

**You've created a physical Thread network using ESP boards!**

<img src="img/esp_ot_final_topology.jpg" alt="esp_ot_final_topology.jpg" />

You now know:

* Building and flashing OpenThread CLI binaries to ESP boards.
* Building an flashing border router to ESP Thread Border Router board.
* Manually managing Thread nodes with ESP Monitor and the OpenThread CLI.

> * Form a Thread network on the Thread Border Router.

Reviewer 2: Forming

> * Secure commissioning of devices onto a Thread network.

Reviewer 2: Securing

> * Ping IPv6 address between Thread nodes.

Reviewer 2: Pinging
